src/app/[locale]/blog/posts/en/1.mdx, before:

---
title: "International Conference on 3D Printed and Energy Conversion Materials"
publishedAt: "2024-04-08"
image: "/images/gallery/img-02.jpg"
summary: "Every career is a journey, filled with challenges, growth, and those significant moments that mark a shift in our path."
tag: "Conference"
---

Every career is a journey, filled with challenges, growth, and those significant moments that mark a shift in our path. Today, I’m excited to share that I’ve arrived at a new milestone in my career—one that is both a culmination of past experiences and a stepping stone toward future aspirations.

## Reflecting on the Journey So Far

Looking back, it’s clear that each phase of my career has built upon the last, guiding me to where I stand today. From my early days of learning the basics and struggling through complex projects, to gaining confidence through real-world experience, each step has shaped my skills and mindset. I’ve learned that design and engineering are as much about problem-solving and creativity as they are about resilience and continuous learning.

## What This Milestone Represents

Reaching this milestone represents more than just professional progress—it’s a moment of personal growth. It’s a sign that the dedication and passion I’ve invested are paying off. Whether it’s mastering a new skill, taking on leadership responsibilities, or completing a major project, this achievement is a reminder that perseverance, curiosity, and a love for what I do are key drivers of success.

## The Challenges That Shaped Me

Of course, no journey is without its hurdles. There were moments of doubt, failed prototypes, and unforeseen obstacles that tested my resolve. However, those challenges taught me the importance of adaptability, creative thinking, and collaboration. They pushed me to improve, to think outside the box, and to view setbacks not as failures, but as opportunities to learn and grow.

## Embracing New Opportunities

This milestone is also an opportunity to embrace new challenges and expand my horizons. Whether it’s exploring emerging technologies, diving deeper into specific fields of interest, or taking on a mentorship role, I’m excited about what lies ahead. The engineering and design landscape is constantly evolving, and staying curious and open to new ideas is what keeps this career path so rewarding.

## Gratitude and Acknowledgment

I’d be remiss if I didn’t take a moment to acknowledge the mentors, colleagues, and collaborators who have been part of this journey. Their insights, support, and shared enthusiasm have been invaluable. Reaching this milestone is as much a testament to their influence as it is to my individual efforts.

## Looking Ahead

While I’m proud of how far I’ve come, I know this is just one milestone in a much larger journey. The road ahead is filled with exciting possibilities, and I’m eager to continue pushing boundaries, learning new things, and contributing to meaningful projects. If there’s one thing I’ve learned along the way, it’s that every new milestone is not an end, but rather a launchpad for the next chapter.

Thank you for being part of this journey with me, and here’s to the adventures yet to come!

Commit message:

Update project and blog metadata, adjust publication dates, and refine UI labels

src/app/[locale]/blog/posts/en/1.mdx, after:

---
title: "International Conference on 3D Printed and Energy Conversion Materials"
publishedAt: "2024-01-25"
image: "/images/gallery/image.png"
summary: "Every career is a journey, filled with challenges, growth, and those significant moments that mark a shift in our path."
tag: "Conference"
---
![Once UI logo on dark background.](/images/gallery/1.JPG)

## Overview

University of the Punjab, Lahore – Pakistan was established in 1882. The Department of Physics had a rich history where many renowned physicists, such as Professor Arthur Holly Compton (Physics Nobel Laureate, 1927) and Professor Abdus Salam (Physics Nobel Laureate, 1979), remained associated. An International Conference on 3D Printed and Energy Conversion Materials was held on January 25-26, 2024, at the Department of Physics, University of the Punjab, Lahore – Pakistan. This conference provided young researchers, students, and faculty members a platform to interact and share their research findings. Researchers from Pakistan and abroad participated to share their ideas and recent advances in 3D printing and photocatalysis.

![Certificate](/images/gallery/c1.jpg)
