src/app/[locale]/blog/posts/en/2.mdx, before:

---
title: "International Conference on Advances in Functional Materials (ICAFM)"
publishedAt: "2024-03-05"
image: "/images/gallery/img-02.jpg"
summary: "As design engineers, we're often defined by the 1% of our work that makes it into the final product."
tag: "Conference"
---

As design engineers, we're often defined by the 1% of our work that makes it into the final product. That shiny, polished piece of engineering is a result of countless iterations, tweaks, and redesigns. But what happens to the other 99%—those ideas, concepts, and prototypes that never see the light of day? They remain tucked away in the drawer, both literally and figuratively.

## The Beauty of Unused Ideas

It’s easy to think of discarded designs as failures, but in truth, they’re stepping stones. Each one represents a path explored, tested, and ultimately left behind. Those early drafts may never become reality, but they play a crucial role in shaping the solution that does. They teach us what works and, more importantly, what doesn’t.

## The Process of Elimination

In every project, the first few ideas often come quickly. They’re intuitive, straightforward, and sometimes too simple. As we dive deeper, we explore more creative solutions, test the limits of materials and technology, and challenge the initial assumptions. This process of elimination is not about rejecting ideas but about refining them. The 99% left in the drawer is evidence of rigorous thinking and thorough exploration.

## Why the Drawer Matters

For every concept that didn’t make it, there’s a lesson learned. A sketch that looked promising might fail in prototyping. A concept that seemed impractical might be revisited years later, finding new relevance with advancements in technology or a change in project scope. These shelved ideas serve as a knowledge base—a library of possibilities for future projects.

## Innovation Through Failure

Many breakthrough innovations are born from revisiting old, seemingly failed concepts. What didn’t work in one context might be the key to solving a problem in another. As design engineers, we should never be afraid to open the drawer and revisit those shelved ideas. They are a testament to the iterative nature of design, where nothing is truly wasted.

![Once UI logo on dark background.](/images/projects/project-01/cover-01.jpg)

## Final Thoughts

The final product is just the tip of the iceberg—the visible 1%. The other 99% may never see the spotlight, but they are just as important. They represent the trial and error, the persistence, and the creative drive that push us to find the best solution. So next time you’re stuck or looking for inspiration, don’t be afraid to dig into the drawer. The answer might be hiding there, waiting for the right moment to shine.

Commit message:

Update project and blog metadata, adjust publication dates, and refine UI labels

src/app/[locale]/blog/posts/en/2.mdx, after:

---
title: "International Conference on Advances in Functional Materials (ICAFM)"
publishedAt: "2023-02-20"
image: "/images/gallery/m.jpg"
summary: "As design engineers, we're often defined by the 1% of our work that makes it into the final product."
tag: "Conference"
---
![img](/images/gallery/2.JPG)
## Overview
The First International Conference on Advances in Functional Materials (ICAFM-2023) was held in the Department of Physics, University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan, on February 20-22, 2023. Functional materials were recognized as an integral part of almost all devices. To meet the future technological needs, novel functional materials with suitable combinations of chemical and physical properties were required to increase the overall performance and efficiency of devices. Designing high-performance functional materials was considered important to meet the requirements of future needs.

ICAFM-2023 covered thematic research areas of advanced materials, highlighting ongoing cutting-edge research and addressing the challenges faced by researchers and engineers in designing materials and integrating these materials into devices.

This event provided a platform for researchers from academia and R&D institutions to interact and share their ideas to address future trends in light of recent advances in functional materials research.

ICAFM-2023 was an international meeting that provided a platform for national and international participants to discuss and share their ideas and recent advances in functional materials. Graduate students and researchers (both from academia and industry) working on advanced functional materials participated in ICAFM-2023.

![Certificate](/images/gallery/c2.jpg)
